seng637-a4-team_number.md, before:

**SENG 637 - Dependability and Reliability of Software Systems**

**Lab. Report \#4 – Mutation Testing and Web app testing**

| Group \#:      |     |
| -------------- | --- |
| Student Names: |     |
|                |     |
|                |     |
|                |     |

# Introduction

# Analysis of 10 Mutants of the Range class 

# Report all the statistics and the mutation score for each test class

# Analysis drawn on the effectiveness of each of the test classes

# A discussion on the effect of equivalent mutants on mutation score accuracy

# A discussion of what could have been done to improve the mutation score of the test suites

# Why do we need mutation testing? Advantages and disadvantages of mutation testing

# Explain your SELENUIM test case design process

# Explain the use of assertions and checkpoints

# how did you test each functionaity with different test data

# How the team work/effort was divided and managed

# Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons learned

# Comments/feedback on the assignment itself

Commit message:

test cases & md file comments added

seng637-a4-team_number.md, after:

**SENG 637 - Dependability and Reliability of Software Systems**

**Lab. Report \#4 – Mutation Testing and Web app testing**

| Group \#:      |     |
| -------------- | --- |
| Student Names: |     |
|                |     |
|                |     |
|                |     |

# Introduction

# Analysis of 10 Mutants of the Range class 

# Report all the statistics and the mutation score for each test class

# Analysis drawn on the effectiveness of each of the test classes

# A discussion on the effect of equivalent mutants on mutation score accuracy

# A discussion of what could have been done to improve the mutation score of the test suites

# Why do we need mutation testing? Advantages and disadvantages of mutation testing


# Explain your SELENUIM test case design process

We wanted to focus on testing some of the basic and most used functions of the Shop Smart website with Selenium. We chose test cases that are simple, yet cover the functions that users would likely use the most -- and as a result are generally error-free. The tests also are designed to be simple and test one function each and then move onto the next test. Although some of the tests are related, such as adding an item to cart and deleting the item from the cart, we wanted to make sure each test case was focused on a single task. 

The following 10 test cases were written (and are pretty self explanatory):  

1. Login with Invalid Credentials
2. Add Item to Cart
3. Delete Item from Cart (tends to only work if the website page is maximized)
4. Go to Checkout
5. Search Valid Item 


# Explain the use of assertions and checkpoints

At the end of each test case, an assertion is used to ensure the expected result. Different assertions were used to verify the presence of certain elements, check text values or validate the functionality. For example, 'Go to Checkout' uses the assert title command to ensure we are directed to the right page. 


# How did you test each functionality with different test data?



# How the team work/effort was divided and managed

# Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons learned

# Comments/feedback on the assignment itself
